README.md, before:

# 🎨 Pylon Resource Pack

The **Pylon Resource Pack** is the official-unofficial resource pack for the [Pylon](https://github.com/pylonmc/pylon-core) plugin and [Addon Ecosystem]().

[![Minecraft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-1.21.5–1.21.8-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=minecraft)](https://www.minecraft.net) [![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack/releases) [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack/total?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack/releases)

---

## 📦 Overview

Pylon Resource Pack is designed to fit with vanilla Minecraft's style while still bringing Pylon's vision to life.

This pack adds:
- 🧱 **Custom placed block textures**
- ⚙️ **Unique item and GUI models**
- ⚔️ **Custom armor layer textures**

For PylonCore and PylonBase.
See [Resource Pack](RESOURCE_PACK.md) for specific texture/model support.

Refer to [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) 

---

## ⚙️ Installation

1. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack/releases/latest) of the **Pylon Resource Pack**
2. Launch Minecraft and open your resource pack folder via **Options → Resource Packs → Open Pack Folder**.
3. Move the downloaded resource pack into the opened resource pack folder
4. Enable the resource pack in game and enjoy!

✅ **No additional mods or dependencies** are required.

---

## 🙌 Credits & Special Thanks

**Pylon Plugin Development:** [@pylonmc](https://github.com/pylonmc)  
**Special thanks** to the developers who helped extend Pylon’s visual and technical capabilities  

Your contributions made this pack possible ❤️

Commit message:

this pack is for pylon addon & rebar framework

README.md, after:

# 🎨 Pylon Resource Pack

The **Pylon Resource Pack** is the official-unofficial resource pack for the [Pylon] [Rebar] addon, and the [Rebar] framework itself.   
It makes use of the [Rebar Pack Generator]

[![Minecraft](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-1.21.5–1.21.8-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=minecraft)](https://www.minecraft.net) [![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack/releases) [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack/total?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack/releases)

---

## 📦 Overview

Pylon Resource Pack is designed to fit with vanilla Minecraft's style while still bringing Pylon's vision to life.

This pack adds:
- 🧱 **Custom placed block textures**
- ⚙️ **Unique item and GUI models**
- ⚔️ **Custom armor layer textures**

See [Resource Pack](RESOURCE_PACK.md) for specific texture/model support.

Refer to [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) if you'd like to help out!

---

## ⚙️ Installation

1. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/pylonmc/pylon-resource-pack/releases/latest) of the **Pylon Resource Pack**
2. Launch Minecraft and open your resource pack folder via **Options → Resource Packs → Open Pack Folder**.
3. Move the downloaded resource pack into the opened resource pack folder
4. Enable the resource pack in game and enjoy!

✅ **No additional mods or dependencies** are required.

---

## 🙌 Credits & Special Thanks

**Pylon Plugin Development:** [@pylonmc]  
**Special thanks** to the developers who helped extend Pylon’s visual and technical capabilities  

Your contributions made this pack possible ❤️

[@pylonmc]: https://github.com/pylonmc
[Pylon]: https://github.com/pylonmc/pylon
[Rebar]: https://github.com/pylonmc/rebar
[Rebar Pack Generator]: https://github.com/pylonmc/rebar-pack-generator-template
